My goal with every course is to get you to get the most out of the course.
Now how do you do that.
Well obviously you're going to watch all the videos and I strongly recommend to all code whilst watching
the video.
So did you write the code on your own.
But besides watching the videos I also recommend that you do the assignments I have in this course and
that for the apps you try to build parts of those apps on your own.
I'm regularly going to challenge you in those apps to pause the video and go ahead on your own and implement
some feature we already implemented before.
So definitely do this to get a feeling for where you're stuck and where you need to dive in deeper.
Well and besides dead there of course the SECU and a section and definitely ask questions if you're
a stack or if something is unclear.
But besides asking questions I also strongly recommend answering questions really answering questions
is how you learn the most.
Because asking is easy answering is difficult right.
And you can't do anything wrong here.
If the answer is not correct someone is going to come and correct you and then you'll learn again.
This is the great thing about answering.
You learn by thinking about it and by maybe getting corrected.
So definitely go ahead.
Browse to Q&A section and answer unanswered questions to benefit the most.
And besides that I am regularly going to point you to the official documentation.
Not because I'm lazy and don't want to show it in the video but because there's so much that diving
into that documentation which is really good 4-A on it too as a side note is a great way to learn about
all the features of a specific class or component offers to you.
And as dumb as it might sound if you're stuck with some error message or something like this you can
of course go to the Q&A section and I'm happy to help but it might be faster to Google that because
chances are someone else also had this issue.
This is how I think you're getting the most out of the course.
And with that enough of the talking let's dive into the next section and let's start diving into ionic
to